Fleshed out contributing docs to include pre-commit,style,build info (#744)
nsidc/earthaccess: docs/contributing/index.md

[a GitHub Discussion](https://github.com/nsidc/earthaccess/discussions),
or [any other method](our-meet-ups.md).

> Please note that we have a [code of conduct](/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). Please follow it in all of your interactions with the project.

Reviewer: This 404s, I think we need to change it back :)

Here's the link it generates in the PR preview: https://earthaccess--744.org.readthedocs.build/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

Once you've completed these steps, you are ready to submit your contribution.

> ### ...to contribute to docs

Reviewer 2: Can we make "proper" headings? I'm not a fan of the ellipsis in headings. I'd like to see the other similar heading updated similarly to the following:

```suggestion
### Contributing to Documentation
```

Author: I had this in mind but eventually left it out since all the headings were in the same format. Do you have any specific opinions regarding the other headings?

Reviewer 2: I recommend simply making the same type of change: from "...to X to Y" to "Xing to Y" (e.g., "...to contribute to" becomes "Contributing to")

> ####  Documentation Style

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Documentation Style
```

> To ensure that our code is well-documented and easy to understand, we use [Google-style docstrings](https://sphinxcontrib-napoleon.readthedocs.io/en/latest/example_google.html) to document all functions, classes, and methods in this library

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To ensure that our code is well-documented and easy to understand, we use [Google-style docstrings](https://sphinxcontrib-napoleon.readthedocs.io/en/latest/example_google.html) to document all functions, classes, and methods in this library.
```

> #### Getting Help with Setup and Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Locally rendering the documentation
```

> To work on docs locally follow the steps below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To work on documentation locally, follow these steps:
```

> To work on documentation locally, follow these steps:
> 
> - To setup the documentation, navigate to the scripts directory
> - Run the `scripts/build-docs.sh` script to build the documentation
> - Serve the documentation locally, using the `scripts/docs-live.sh` script

Reviewer: ``````suggestion
To work on documentation locally, we provide a script that will automatically re-render the docs when you make changes:

```
./scripts/docs-live.sh
```
``````

If you encounter any issues while setting up the documentation using the provided steps, please refer to our [tutorial]( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mNjlMZ4F3So) for additional guidance.

> #### Caveats and Considerations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Caveats and considerations
```

Indented one extra level so that it's nested underneath the local development section

> Our mkdocs setup has a known limitation: the hot reloader won't auto-reload when changing docstrings. To see updates, manually rebuild and re-serve docs. We're working to improve the dev experience and appreciate your patience.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our mkdocs setup has a known limitation: the hot reloader won't auto-reload when changing docstrings. To see updates, manually rebuild and re-serve docs. We're working to improve the developer experience and appreciate your patience.
```

### Please format and lint as you go

#### Usage of Pre-Commit

> To maintain code quality, we use pre-commit for automated checks before committing changes. Install and configure pre-commit to ensure high-quality contributions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To maintain code quality, we use pre-commit for automated checks before committing changes. Install and configure pre-commit to ensure high-quality contributions.
```

> To set up pre-commit follow these steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To set up pre-commit, follow these steps:
```

> - `pip install pre-commit` for Windows and for Linux refer to your distribution's package index

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `pip install pre-commit` ([official installation docs](https://pre-commit.com/#install))
```

- `pre-commit install` to enable it to run automatically
- `pre-commit run -a`  to run it manually

> We attempt to provide comprehensive type annotations within this repository. If you do not provide fully annotated functions or methods, the `lint` command will fail.  Over time, we plan to increase type-checking strictness in order to ensure more precise, beneficial type annotations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Since we removed the doc for the `make lint` command, this is a little confusing :)

## Pull Request process

1. Ensure you include test coverage for all changes

> 2. Ensure your code is formatted properly following this document

Reviewer 2: Use of `1.` for every numbered item is so that we don't have to worry about numbering, particularly when we add, remove, or reorder items. The markdown renderer automatically applies sequential numbering for us.
